### Haley Hobbs

Hi Jason! Emerging AI has already proven to be extremely powerful and uique in its abilities and contributions to technology. From computer science/SWE itself to medicine to law, its applications in a wide range of fields is beyond exciting. While these improvements/advancements are making certain aspects of many jobs much more efficient, I'm interested in seeing the future of law surrounding privacy concerns as AI grows. Thank you for sharing! (I also learned what a digital twin is in reading this article!)

### William Xie

Hello! I was also intrigued by your article to read into one of the technologies it highlights––chaos engineering––after learning about it for the first the time and the whole idea behind makes a lot of sense. I had no idea that there are ways to simulate real-world outages while an application is running/serving actual users during working hours; it's made me super curious about how that happens in practice and how they improve on the systems without disrupting the performance of their app (and how "recovery mechanisms" work to automate the fixing of these back-end issues, "all while continue serving customers without interruption"). Sounds like magic to me. This is [the article](https://www.infoworld.com/article/2257835/what-is-chaos-monkey-chaos-engineering-explained.html) about chaos engineering that was hyperlinked in your article!

### [How software engineering will evolve in 2024](https://www.infoworld.com/article/2335664/how-software-engineering-will-evolve-in-2024.html)

I thought this article was extremely insightful and interesting because it explored many of the new technologies that we often overlook when discussing the future of technology. For many, AI is the first thing that when asked "What is the future of technology?" While AI technology is certainly exciting and will play a pivotal role in shaping our future, technologies such as digitial twins, platform engineering and chaos engineering also deserve recognition as technologies that can help simplify and advance the field of software engineering. In addition, the development of AI can also work to compliment and further enable these emerging technologies One example of how AI can help further enable these technologies is its ability to help digital twins dynamically model and adjust complex systems in real time and making their deployments more efficient and. Overall, reading through this article made me exicted to see how these emerging technologies develop in the years to come and how soon they can be integrated into our daily lives to help simplify any repetitive tasks that we may have to do.
